it's happening hold on how did we end up
here see we often let our fears dictate
our decisions fear of being judged fear
of not succeeding or fear of simply not
being good enough a last summer as four
strangers from four different countries
we crossed paths in unique circumstances
and together we thought what if we say
[ __ ] it what if we deliberately face our
fears headfirst not just to live more
but to do more today we're on the west
coast of Canada and we're heading the
chief mountain now Ammar is freakishly
comfortable in high places with the help
of some friends you'd plan a surprise
for us to help us conquer our fear of
heights
Darren Matt and I had no idea what was
coming I'm not nuts gonna fights I'm
like you two I think that right now I'm
a manliest at all almost there oh yeah
almost there almost there
holy there's no way okay Mars friends
had rigged a Highline eight hundred feet
above the ground for us and it was
daunting this is the most insane thing
I've ever even watched I didn't help
this guy nobody doing because this is
our life right now and this guy setting
it up it seemed like amar was right at
home
[Music]
the plan was for us to clip our
carabiners on the line and slide out
over the gap between the two peaks of
the mountain to set up two hammocks okay
with my pants on I [ __ ] myself
you guys but think about the way that
your body's gonna go yeah just give me a
minute I'm going to be bowing out boy I
never thought I'd be scared to lie in a
hammock
but this one was a little different
[Music]
two boys yes these guys too oh look you
do cutie you ready
the formats grand finale with Sena
Darren who's the most uncomfortable with
Heights out of all of us
you can't you got it you tell Ted my
workout watch it there's like a 50%
chance of snappings that clue of what it
was now time for the more thrilling part
of the mission and everyone was on the
edge
all right people do this often hello
these experienced people say it's not a
great idea to do this it's happened
[Music]
whoa we all made it out safely and we're
once again reminded that facing a
personal fear can allow life to offer
some of its most unique experiences see
you soon